what's going on guys its arsenal and
today I want to talk about Microsoft we
got some news coming out that they are
prepared to lay off thousands of people
and before I get into the video and tell
you the real story I do want to mention
that there's probably going to be tons
of videos twisting this into something
it isn't and making it sound a lot worse
than it really is but that's not to say
that there's not going to be some
legitimate Sony fans who just talk about
it honestly I'm not saying every Sony
fan is going to smash xbox I guess
that's what I'm trying to say but there
are a lot of channels that do it so i
figured i will give you guys the real
story and talk about why it's happening
now we know that microsoft bought out
nokia and this is the main reason for
all these layoffs a lot of engineering
jobs overlap each other um and you'd
have two people doing one person's job
so they just have to cut those people
but besides the overlapping jobs a lot
of people are predicting that
Microsoft's UK marketing team is going
to get some layoffs and this is awesome
um because i was about to make a video
last week i'm sure someone on youtube
did make a video about it but the boss
over at UK's marketing team said
something about you can't notice 1080p
60 frames per second unless you have a
60 inch television and that really made
me mad and that's why I was going to
make a video about it because it it's
like beating a dead horse at this point
and that's why I didn't make a video
about it there's no need to even address
it if you're going to talk about
Microsoft vs sony you're going to get
into all that even when you're the head
of UK marketing then all you should say
is look at our game lineup we're doing
great I'm excited about these games act
like a professional instead of a fanboy
who argues back and forth about 1080p 60
frames per second so I definitely won't
shut it here if this guy loses his job
you should know better especially being
the boss of marketing in the UK so
Microsoft currently employs over 127,000
people I'm including the 30,000 that
they brought in from Nokia Game Informer
reached out to Microsoft fork
comment and they declined to comment so
Xbox is definitely going to be affected
here guys there's no doubt about it
there's just too many jobs that they
have to get rid of for it to not be
affected and just last week nadella
talked about how he has a commitment to
xbox and things like that so I wouldn't
be too worried about it I don't expect
to see any huge job cuts in xbox but
like I said I expect this to be twisted
quite a bit on youtube and i figured i
would give you guys the real story so
this is just basically the ripple
effects of buying out nokia and it sucks
it sucks for the people losing their
jobs it sucks that people are getting
laid off but I know Microsoft has a lot
of talented people that work for them
and I'm sure they will be okay in the
future I hope they are at least so I
have no problem with them targeting some
of these people in the UK marketing team
guys they're also the people who botched
the whole dev kit Xbox one dev kit thing
last week they are making a lot of
mistakes and I think that you got to
start from the top down right especially
when a guy is acting like a fanboy
talking about 1080p 60 frames per second
so let me know what you guys think about
this in the comments links will be in
the description and thanks for watching